audio/README.md, before:

# Sound instructions

Due to the nature of online "royalty-free" sounds often being rips from other games (in short, stolen audio), I cannot reasonably verify that the sound files I use can abide by the project license. Below are the sound files you must provide for there to be sound in the game.

## Sound files
| File name | Used in |
| :---:     | ------- |
| `thud.wav` | Used during the intro sequence prior to `reveal.wav` |
| `reveal.wav` | Used whenever the screen is flashed |
| `prompt.wav` | Used whenever a confirmation is prompted to the user |
| `nav.wav` | Used during navigation (Up, down, left, right) for auditory feedback |
| `enter.wav` | Used whenever pressing enter in a navigation menu |
| `tack.wav` | Used when showing the questions and answers, this is preferably a keyboard press sound |
| `correct.wav` | Used when the answer provided is correct |
| `incorrect.wav` | Used when the answer provided is incorrect |
| `gameWin.wav` | Used when the player wins the game with 66.67% correct answers or more |
| `gameLoss.wav` | Used when the player loses the game with less than 66.67% correct answers |

Commit message:

someone please make me understand why gcc cursed me this way

audio/README.md, after:

# Sound instructions

Due to the nature of online "royalty-free" sounds often being rips from other games (in short, stolen audio), I cannot reasonably verify that the sound files I use can abide by the project license. Below are the sound files you must provide for there to be sound in the game.

## Sound files
| File name | Used in |
| :---:     | ------- |
| `thud.wav` | Used during the intro sequence prior to `reveal.wav` |
| `reveal.wav` | Used whenever the screen is flashed |
| `prompt.wav` | Used whenever a confirmation is prompted to the user |
| `nav.wav` | Used during navigation (Up, down, left, right) for auditory feedback |
| `enter.wav` | Used whenever pressing enter in a navigation menu |
| `tack.wav` | Used when showing the questions and answers, this is preferably a keyboard press sound |
| `correct.wav` | Used when the answer provided is correct |
| `incorrect.wav` | Used when the answer provided is incorrect |
| `gameWin1.wav` `gameWin2.wav` | Used when the player wins the game with 66.67% correct answers or more |
| `gameLoss.wav` | Used when the player loses the game with less than 66.67% correct answers |
| `menuTune.wav` | Used when the main menu appears to make it a little more lively |
